docs/index.md, before:

---
 title: Me
---
<p align="center">
  <img width="460" height="300" src="assets/images/brandon-pro.jpg">
</p>

Hi.  My name is Brandon.  I thought about making a fancy designer landing page.  I could, but that's not really me.  I don't really lean towards frontend problems, I am not that creative when it comes to visual design.  I only occasionally have a good idea.  I prefer system design and data modeling schemas.  So, here is my site built on a pretty straight forward documentation builder call [mkdocs](https://mkdocs.com).  Hey at least I am using a [Material design](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) theme, that's modern design right?

### This site.

I plan on using this site for self expression.  I plan on writing a fair amount about my experiences.  Whether that is with work, hobbies, or media I consume.  I find journaling an interesting activity.  I have taken it to extremes in the past.  Trying to capture every detail of the day.  Generating an intricate rating systems for every aspect of health.  I still find that information interesting.  I want to find easier ways to capture the data.  I am prone to burn myself out in my own interests.  This will be a more chill attempt. I also have this sci-fi fantasy that the more I record about myself the more likely I will be simulated in some future super-computer and resurrected.


### Topics

#### [Work](work.md)

I choose these topics because they dominate most of my day.  Work should be pretty straight forward.  I have worked on some pretty cool projects and learned a ton.  Teaching others is important to me, not just because I enjoy seeing others grow, but I also learn a ton myself.  I think this could be an interesting way to network as well.  Find me on [GitHub](https://github.com/bweez/), it has none of my actual work all of that is on company git instances.  I will write about it as much as I can.  I will share code when I can.  Always open to feedback, if you have any input shoot me a pull-request (PR).  If you don't understand what a PR is cool, I plan on writing an article on it.  Otherwise google is great.

#### [Hobbies](hobbies.md)

For hobbies I will focus on the things I enjoy doing.  For example Basketball, I enjoy playing and watching.  I will probably only talk about the NBA.  No one should be forced to watch me play.  For chess, I will probably share my handle and any fun games I find.  I am not that great, but I enjoy playing.  I am also thinking about writing a script to scrape my rating and update it periodically.  I am cheap and don't feel like paying for a backend.  Random side projects I think may be interesting to share will also come up here.

#### [Media](media.md)

Media could have fit within hobbies.  I think media will be interesting to separate out. They will often be about something I may not be making.  I consume a fair about of YouTube, I think it my be interesting to capture my thoughts on channels, I enjoy.  I also read a fair amount.  Often times finding I have forgotten most of the book after a few months.  I think this will be a good space to capture my thoughts on the books I am reading. I have a personal goal to read 2 technical or leadership books a month.

### Feedback

Always open to feedback.  Feel free to send me a PR with any kind of correction.  I am sure I will link my other socials somehow.  Ping me on what ever you find easiest to use.

Commit message:

Updated homepage and added space for a blog

docs/index.md, after:

---
 title: Me
---
<p align="center">
  <img width="460" height="300" src="assets/images/brandon-pro.jpg">
</p>

# Hi, I'm Brandon Williams - Software Engineer & AI Enthusiast

Welcome to my portfolio! I’m a software engineer with over eight years of experience, passionate about the transformative power of artificial intelligence. My expertise lies in full-stack development, large-scale infrastructure design, and leading engineering teams to deliver impactful software solutions.

## Featured Skills
- **AI & Machine Learning:** Constantly exploring the latest advancements in AI and their potential applications across industries.
- **Full-Stack Development:** Proficient in developing robust backend systems and intuitive front-end interfaces.
- **Technical Leadership:** Experienced in mentoring teams and leading projects from concept to deployment.
- **Cloud Infrastructure:** Skilled in deploying and managing applications on cloud platforms like AWS.
- **Automation & Testing:** Strong advocate for automating processes to improve efficiency and reliability.

## Current Focus
I noticed my personal and professional behavior has changed recently.  I have been using LLMs more and more to solve problems.  I’m diving deep into the world of AI, exploring how machine learning and artificial intelligence can be integrated into real-world applications. My goal is to leverage AI to build innovative solutions that solve complex problems and push the boundaries of what’s possible with technology.

## Explore My Work
Feel free to explore my [projects](project.md) and [blog](blog-home.md) where I share insights, tutorials, and thoughts on AI, software development, and the future of technology.

---

**Let's Connect:**  
If you're as excited about AI as I am, or if you want to collaborate on a project, I'd love to hear from you! [Get in touch](mailto:brandonwebdev@gmail.com) and let’s discuss how we can work together to build the future.
